Clarify B button requirement on Browser Exploit step (#140)
hacks-guide/Guide-WiiU: docs/user-guide/tiramisu/browser-exploit.md

1. Take the SD Card out of your computer and plug it into your Wii U console.
1. Launch the Internet Browser and navigate to the website `wiiuexploit.xyz`.
1. Click on `Run Exploit!` and **hold the B button** until you see a menu, this will be necessary for the next steps.
    - If your Wii U gets stuck on a white or otherwise frozen screen, wait a few seconds. If nothing happens, reboot the console, [reset the browser's save data](https://en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/1507/~/how-to-delete-the-internet-browser-history) and try again.

>     - If you held the B button after clicking `Run Exploit!`, you should see a menu listing `default` and `nanddumper` as options. This is the menu required for the next step. 

Reviewer: Can you change this to something like `a menu prompting you to choose a payload.` or 
```
you should see a `Please choose your payload:` message.
```
?

>     - If you did not hold the B button after clicking `Run Exploit!`, you will see a menu listing `installer` and `tiramisu` as options. If you see this menu, reboot the console and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you did not hold the B button after clicking `Run Exploit!`, you will see the `Environment Loader`. If you see this menu, reboot the console and try again.
```
